docs: add complete Local PV Rawfile documentation (#619)
openebs/website: docs/main/user-guides/local-storage-user-guide/local-pv-rawfile/advanced-operations/rawfile-snapshot.md

- Kubernetes VolumeSnapshot CRDs must be installed in the cluster
- A `VolumeSnapshotClass` must exist for the rawfile driver

## Create a VolumeSnapshotClass

```yaml
apiVersion: snapshot.storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: VolumeSnapshotClass
metadata:
  name: rawfile-snapshotclass
driver: rawfile.csi.openebs.io
deletionPolicy: Delete
```

Apply:

```bash
kubectl apply -f snapshotclass.yaml
```

`deletionPolicy: Delete` removes snapshot data when the `VolumeSnapshot` object is deleted. Use `Retain` to preserve the data after object deletion.

## Create a Snapshot

```yaml
apiVersion: snapshot.storage.k8s.io/v1
kind: VolumeSnapshot
metadata:
  name: app-data-snap
spec:
  volumeSnapshotClassName: rawfile-snapshotclass
  source:
    persistentVolumeClaimName: rawfile-pvc
```

```bash
kubectl apply -f snapshot.yaml
kubectl get volumesnapshot app-data-snap -w
```

The snapshot is `ReadyToUse: true` when complete. The snapshot operation runs as a persistent background task on the node that hosts the volume - it survives driver restarts and retries automatically.

## Snapshot Consistency

Two approaches are available for snapshotting active volumes:

### CoW-Capable Pools (Recommended)

> Storage pools backed by btrfs or XFS with reflink produce space-efficient, nearly instant snapshots. No freeze is required.

Reviewer: I think ext4 also supports reflink, so maybe make reflink the major with examples, ie:

```suggestion
Storage pools backed by filesystems which support reflink (i.e. btrfs or XFS) produce space-efficient, nearly instant snapshots. No freeze is required.
```

### freezeFs

> For pools without CoW support (e.g. ext4), add `freezeFs: "true"` to the StorageClass. The filesystem is briefly frozen during the snapshot to ensure crash consistency:

Reviewer: Well, not really "briefly", the volume is frozen and then we copy the *ENTIRE* volume to a new file, and only then do we unfreeze

    apiGroup: snapshot.storage.k8s.io
  resources:
    requests:
      storage: 10Gi
```

```bash
kubectl apply -f restore.yaml
```

:::note
Snapshots are node-local. The restored PVC will be provisioned on the same node that holds the snapshot data.
:::

## Roll Back an Application

A common pattern for rolling back to a previous state:

1. Scale down the workload to release the PVC:
   ```bash
   kubectl scale deployment my-app --replicas=0
   ```

2. Create a restored PVC from the snapshot (see above).

3. Update the Deployment to reference the restored PVC:
   ```bash
   kubectl patch deployment my-app \
     -p '{"spec":{"template":{"spec":{"volumes":[{"name":"data","persistentVolumeClaim":{"claimName":"app-data-restored"}}]}}}}'
   ```

4. Scale the workload back up:
   ```bash
   kubectl scale deployment my-app --replicas=1
   ```

## Delete a Snapshot

```bash
kubectl delete volumesnapshot app-data-snap
```

With `deletionPolicy: Delete`, the snapshot data on the node is removed. With `Retain`, the backing data remains.

:::important
Delete all VolumeSnapshots before deleting the PVC or uninstalling the driver to avoid leaked data on nodes.
:::

## Capacity Considerations

> - CoW-capable pools (btrfs, XFS reflink): snapshots consume only the changed blocks after the snapshot point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CoW-capable pools (filesystems with reflink enabled): snapshots consume only the changed blocks after the snapshot point.
```

> - Non-CoW pools (ext4): each snapshot is a full copy of the volume and consumes the same amount of space as the original.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Non-CoW pools: each snapshot is a full copy of the volume and consumes the same amount of space as the original.
```
